---
title: "ADRV 9026 EVAL Board Setup Documentation"
date: 2025-10-19 10:00:00 +0000
categories: [Electrical Engineering, Radio Frequency, Power Amplifiers]
tags: [RF design, DPD, digital predistortion, radar, PCB design, system benchmarking, wireless systems]
description: >-
  A simple step-by-step guide on setting up the ADRV9026-ADS9V2EBZ system for simple measurements & other basic functionalities
image:
  path: /assets/img/SDP/cdf76ee9-904d-4e84-bff6-5abdd582f69b.jpg
---
## Overview (TL;DR)

This post introduces the fundamental concepts behind RF power amplifier
design and digital predistortion (DPD), with a focus on practical
implementation and real-world system benchmarking…

## Utilizing the Transceiver Evaluation Software (TES)
### Full GUI Operation
##### Step 1: Connecting to the board
After booting the FPGA board (ADS9-V2EBZ) and turning on the RF board (ADRV9026) the GUI will be allowed to remotely SSH into the linux system present onto the FPGA board through its embedded subroutines \(more on this later \[link should be provided\]\). This connection is established for two different purposes. The device on which the GUI is opened will be used to load configuration settings and send them directly to the board. Once that is done, the user may navigate to the Transmit/Receive sections for utilizing their respective functionalities.

##### Step 2: Tx & Rx
The following figures provide a step-by-step guide to be able to transmit tones/waveforms and consequently receive them: 
> Preceding the transmission of any arbitrary waveform besides a Continuous-wave tone is the actual creation of the waveform to be loaded. More details on creating a 5G signal can be found here.
{: .prompt-info }



### Semi-GUI Operation (Ironpython)
For this section, the Ironpython tab will be our first-hand method serial communication between the setup and the computer. The scripts is to be used to load the configuration settings skipping the majority of Step 1.

### Fully scripted Operation (Only Python for now)

## TO-DO:

- Loopback test benchmarked against a VSA.

- Manual CW output power characterization

- Scripting